Update compatibility chart with Almalinux8 and remove CentOS8 since already deprecated (#6637)
opensearch-project/documentation-website: _install-and-configure/install-opensearch/index.md

## Operating system compatibility

> OpenSearch and OpenSearch Dashboards are compatible with Red Hat Enterprise Linux (RHEL) and Debian-based Linux distributions that use [`systemd`](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Systemd), such as Amazon Linux, and Ubuntu Long-Term Support (LTS). While OpenSearch and OpenSearch Dashboards should work on most Linux distributions, we only test a subset. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
OpenSearch and OpenSearch Dashboards are compatible with Red Hat Enterprise Linux (RHEL) and Debian-based Linux distributions that use [`systemd`](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Systemd), such as Amazon Linux, and Ubuntu Long-Term Support (LTS). While OpenSearch and OpenSearch Dashboards should work on most Linux distributions, the OpenSearch core team only tests a subset of distributions.
```

Author: Thanks @Naarcha-AWS, updated.
